fix: linter and grammar iteration 4 (#1174)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/authentication/authentication-type/oauth2-authentication/authorization-code.md

| **Scopes**              | Navigate to the [Zoho Campaign guide](https://www.zoho.com/campaigns/help/developers/campaign-details.html) and click the API you want to integrate with and check the scope required. | `Zohocampaigns.campaign.ALL`                                                     |
| **Authorization URL**   | Authorization Endpoint                                                                                                                                                                    | `https://accounts.zoho.in/oauth/v2/auth`                                         |
| **Redirect URL**        | Navigate to [Zoho API Console](https://api-console.zoho.com)>> Select Your Application >> Select Client Details>> Authorized Redirect URIs                                                | Add the Redirect URL from Appsmith to the field and click the **Update** button. |

:::info
You can follow the step-by-step guide provided by Zoho to [Register the Client](https://www.zoho.com/people/api/oauth-steps.html).
:::

> Once you make changes to the above fields, click `Save & Authorize` button to create the Authenticated API. You’ll be asked to authorize the datasource by sign in to your Zoho Account. You’ll be navigated to the Appsmith Datasource screen with a response status as success available in the address bar on successful authentication.

Reviewer: this looks incorrect

> Once you make changes to the above fields, click `Save & Authorize` button to create the Authenticated API. You’ll be asked to authorize the datasource by sign in to your Zoho Account. You’ll be navigated to the Appsmith Datasource screen with a response status as success available in the address bar on successful authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you change the above fields, click the `Save & Authorize` button to create the Authenticated API. You’ll be asked to authorize the datasource by signing in to your Zoho Account. You’ll be navigated to the Appsmith Datasource screen with a response status as success available in the address bar on successful authentication.
```
